Feature/update doc (#23)
vtex-apps/search: docs/README.md

  }
}
```

> ### Store-theme default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Demo Store-Theme
```

Update the summary.

> You can find our default story-theme with our search app already installed by following this [`repository`](https://github.com/vtex-apps/search-demo-theme).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find our demo store-theme with our search app already installed and configured by following this [`repository`](https://github.com/vtex-apps/search-demo-theme).
```
